Add information about MQTT integration (#30853)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/supla.markdown

Right now, it's impossible to add a device -- all of them are discovered from SUPLA-CLOUD's servers or yours.

> For more complete Home Assistant support, based on MQTT autodiscovery, consider switching your Supla devices to MQTT (through set-up interface) or using MQTT broker provided by [Supla Cloud] (https://cloud.supla.org/integrations/mqtt-broker).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more complete Home Assistant support based on MQTT autodiscovery, consider switching your Supla devices to MQTT (through the setup interface). Or use the MQTT broker provided by [Supla Cloud] (https://cloud.supla.org/integrations/mqtt-broker).
```
